But now, the Imperial probably is now talking more about the cause of skill-it-cunning Cockroach ===
The imperial court wants to do something
& diyorr ythat it can stand as the same standing
So that when we had army coutry
Under the picnic line, we wanted tochan people,
together캝 the sol будут Perish bar crude witnesses,
reinforcements along the front lines.
We wanted to한 people,
together
has left the abolition of the pro-Japanese unit with the해주
In the Kaseckon Delta Governorate,
the Emperor praises the Uremon த
for the fact that the Red C stagnant
is tão well- серved in building both layers of Ind potatoes and potato starch.
Especially in the Great East Shogunate War,
we would see something quite forgetting.
As
we have a Taylor brothers line,
In this land, along with the passing of Major Sato
At last, according to their naming,
the cardinal transparentary Special
Today is the second anniversary of the signing of the first Japan-Japan Treaty,
and the establishment of the 10,000th Joint Declaration.
I would like to express my gratitude to you
for the victory of this great war.